Date: 2023-11-03
Time: 22:52
Tags: #English #Universita #Appunti 
Up: [[Inglese]]

---
# Social Media

Around 40% of the world's population use social media, spending an average of 2 hours every day. Let's analyze the pros and cons.
- **Stress**: people use social media to vent everything, so our feeds are an endless stream of stress. So, social media induces more stress than it relieves. Has been found that women used to be more stressed than men; more wemen joined social media less stressed they were. 
- **Mood**: people tends to have lower moods after using social media. People feel this way because they see it as a waste of time. Has been found that the mood during the use of social media may spread between other social media's users. Even the weather can influence moods, a raining day increases negative posts by 1%. Happy posts influence more than negative posts.
- **Anxiety**: the anxiety provoked by social media can ruin sleep and focus. This result was found by comparing people who use 0-2 social media and people who use 7 or more. The second ones have high level of general anxiety.
- **Depression**: depressive symptoms are found on people who use social media and have low interactions. The only use of social media does not cause depression, we have to see the other kind of interaction people have. Social media can increase the chances to gloom, through cyber bulling, having a distorted view of other people's lives. However social media can used to diagnose depression, which could help people receive treatment earlier.
- **Sleep**: The problem with sleep is not directly associated with social media but with blue light. Social media tends to attract people, is not important how much time we spend on the apps, but the times we open them. High logging suggesting "an obsessive checking", which can create a problem with fall asleep.
- **Addiction**: At the moment we don't know if social media are addiction, because they change so fast that specialists can't have a whole research about them. If we consider social media a type of internet addiction, then it is a disorder. If people become seriously addicted they may require professional treatment. 
- **Self-Esteem**: Social media have filters and lighting and clever angles, photo can be modified, this can decrease women self-esteem. Users compare themselves to photos of people looking their happiest. But a small study hinted that viewing your own profile might offer ego boost, probably because it's easier to control how we're presented to the world.
- **Well-being**: social media can help people who share their emotions, it's likely that other users can help them supporting e sharing their experiences.
- **Relationships**: Those with a phone in eyeshot were less positive, tend to have less meaningful conversation looking for phones.
- **Envy**: Envy is generated by looking others plans, travels and goals. But envy can be good to people who don't get demoralized, can actually increase the desire to work.
- **Loneliness**: those who spend the most time on social media were twice as likely to report experiencing social isolation.
